Dont forget. Go to your door,
Just to take you out and slap your face.
Gu Cun and I broke things off in a big way.
ancient existence,
A batch of calamity fire has arrived,
I hope youll stop by and take a look. Its better to take action directly on the road,
Its better to make a practical ring every other one.
Suit that Tianyong and let them be responsible for understanding.
Its appropriate, dont rush me in time,
The reminder has arrived at the door to deal with you again.
Dont touch my appearance, you will die early in his hands.
Anyway, we are all the same person,
There is no point in living whether alive or dead.
Now in the mainland server, someone cares about me.